doc: Doc fixes for Zoomin (#14859)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/dev_model_and_contributions/documentation/structure.rst

The local :doc:`Zephyr documentation <zephyr:index>` is a slightly extended version of the official `Zephyr Project documentation`_, containing some additions specific to Nordic Semiconductor.
The local :doc:`MCUboot documentation <mcuboot:index-ncs>` is a slightly extended version of the official `MCUboot`_ documentation, containing some additions specific to Nordic Semiconductor.

> You can navigate these documentation sets by using the Toc tree on the left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can navigate these documentation sets by using the table of contents on the left.
```

Author: Fixed
